# wordpress-android-app-source-code
Turn your wordpress responsive website into a mobile Android app within minutes. In addition to transforming your wordpress Classified site into an app, it can do much more!
<br><br>
For Buying wordpress Android App Source code : <a href="https://osclassmarket.rackons.in/wordpress-website-to-mobile-app-source-code-for-android-only" target="_new">Click Here or Buy Now</a><br><br>
<em><span style="color: #000000;"><strong>wordpress Website to Mobile App</strong> is a Android based application for Android devices. It’s easy to use, with simple and beautiful design. This is a Web View application what transform your wordpress Classified Website to a Android application, Android project that allows you to wrap your wordpress website in a simple Android application.<br /><br />Now Turn your <strong>wordpress responsive website into a mobile Android app</strong> within minutes. In addition to transforming your wordpress Classified site into an app, it can do much more! <br /><br /><br />We also mentioned Documentaion link in this app for customization and build your wordpress Android App. You can easily build your wordpress Webview Android App through our Source Code. <br />- No Extra coding!!! <br />- No technical Skills Required!<br />- No Programming Skills Required<br />- Easy to Customize<br />- <strong>Support All wordpress Responsive Theme<br /></strong>- <strong>Well Documentation for understanding the Guidelines</strong><br /><br />You need only <strong>Latest Android Studio</strong> for build wordpress Android App, <strong>One Signal Details</strong> for Push Notification, <strong>Google Admob</strong> for monetization your app to earn money easily<br /><br />Explore the many useful options &amp; features we offer below :<br /><br />1. <strong>Push notifications with OneSignal</strong><br />- You can send notification to your wordpress users through onesignal Website <br />( https://onesignal.com/ )</span></em><br /><br /><div class="TbwUpd"><span style="color: #000000;"><cite class="iUh30"><em><span style="color: #000000;">2. <strong>Admob<br />-</strong></span><span style="color: #000000;"> Monetize your app within seconds and Earn Money from your wordpress Android app. Just enter your Admob Banner Id and Start Earning!!!</span><br /><br /><span style="color: #000000;">3. <strong>Splash Screen</strong></span><br /><span style="color: #000000;">- it will shows when app is first time launched on android device, You can use to display your wordpress website logo, name, advertising content etc.</span><br /><br /><span style="color: #000000;">4. <strong>Pull-to-refresh</strong></span><br /><span style="color: #000000;">- It is a touchscreen gesture that consists of touching the screen of a computing device with a finger or pressing a button on a pointing device, dragging the screen downward with the finger or pointing device, and then releasing it, as a signal to the application to refresh the contents of the screen. You can also use this stylish layout to indicate page loading.</span><br /><br /><span style="color: #000000;">5.<strong>Navigation Drawer</strong></span><br /><span style="color: #000000;">- It is OPTIONAL. You can use the navigation drawer to add all your wordpress Website Menus to your wordpress Android app and It is hidden when not in use, but appears when the user swipes a finger from the left edge of the screen or, when at the top level of the app, the user touches the <b>drawer</b> icon in the app bar.</span><br /><br /><span style="color: #000000;">6. <strong>Rate my App</strong></span><br /><span style="color: #000000;">- A dialog that will display after x days or x launches to ask app users for rating on your wordpress Android App. An easy way to get more reviews on Google Play Store.</span><br /><br /><span style="color: #000000;">7. <strong>Google Analytics</strong></span><br /><span style="color: #000000;">- You can use Google Anaytics to track your wordpress Android app, find out at how many installs you have and full anaytics of your app</span><br /><br /><span style="color: #000000;">8. <strong>Many More Exciting Features<br /></strong>- You can change app color, icons, header color, show / hide header, customizations, loading indicator, About us Dialog, Share feature, Many More<br /><br /><br /></span><span style="color: #008000;"><strong>Note: After purchasing this app source code, we will not responsible if your app is approved or not. But we are sure that All wordpress Android app is approved from our side. If you want build apk or any customization work from us then you need to pay extra. We will not build your app at FREE of Cost.<br /></strong><br /></span><br /><br /></em></cite></span>

<br><br>
For Buying wordpress Android App Source code : <a href="https://osclassmarket.rackons.in/wordpress-website-to-mobile-app-source-code-for-android-only" target="_new">Click Here or Buy Now</a><br><br>
